Cider-CI Ansible Setup
======================

This is an Ansible playbook to set up and maintain a complete
[Cider-CI](https://github.com/cider-ci/cider-ci) environment: one _Cider-CI
Server_ and any number of _Cider-CI Executors_.


Usage
-----

The general form for installing or upgrading is: 

    ansible-playbook -i hosts_example play_site.yml

To set the password for the initial `system_admin` user use: 

    ansible-playbook -i hosts_example play_site.yml -e 'system_admin_password=********'


It is recommended to create a custom `hosts` file on the basis of 
[`./hosts_example`][]. 

This playbook contains a number of git submodules. Do not forget to [initialize
those](http://www.git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules). 


The ZHdK site uses the [ansible vault](https://docs.ansible.com/playbooks_vault.html):

    ansible-playbook -i hosts_zhdk play_site.yml  --vault-password-file bin/zhdk-vault-pass

  [`./hosts_exaple`]: ./hosts_example

Supported Ansible Versions
--------------------------

This playbook is frequently used with Ansible ≥ 1.8

Supported Operating Systems
---------------------------

Ubuntu 14.04 Trusty (recommended).
Debian 7 Wheezy (partially, see notes below).

Debian Jessie will be fully supported in the future.


### Using Debian Wheezy

The server requires Ubuntu 14.04 Trusty. It is possible to use Debian Wheezy on
the executor. There are a few gotchas and therefore it is recommended to use
Ubuntu 14.04 whenever possible.

Wheezy must be reconfigured to use `systemd`. This can be achieved by performing
`apt-get install systemd-sysv` and rebooting.

Wheezy also requires the backports repository. The Ansible setup will take care
of that.
